Hi there! This is the solution to exercise 23 and for this exercise you were asked to access
the third value key b and you were given these two lines.
The output was 13.
So the third line of this list is 13.
And this is the solution.
And it could also be good to print intermediate results such as a dictionary.
Sue I can explain things better with this.
It's a very good practice that you do as well to print out intermediate results.
So I'm accessing key b first.
Actually I'm accessing the value of key b which is this list so up to here this is a list object.
This list in here. And then from this list I access the third item which has an Index of 2. So 0, 1,
and 2.
And that will give me integer 13 and that's what I'm getting in here. That's the solution.
Thanks a lot.